hi everyone this is david from geek
annoys and in this video i'm going to be
doing a disk speed test of the verbatim
store and go 500 gigabyte USB 3 port or
hard drive you can see here in it's
rather fetching orange color you can buy
this in other colors but it's a very
compact unit we've got that USB 3
connection on the back there and i'm
going to connect this to my 2012 apple
macbook air
so let's get this connected up and we
just pop it down to the side here and
the actual application i'm using to do
this test is black magic designs disk
speed test this is a free application in
the mac app store first thing we're
going to do is click that cog wheel
select the target drive and just make
sure that we've got the verbatim hard
drive selected click choose and then
click start to start the test running
and we are getting a write speed of 76
is going up 83 85 point 1 megabytes per
second and a read speed of a hundred and
8.1 megabytes per second let's let that
run through just one more time this time
around we're getting a write speed of
109 point 6 megabytes per second and a
read speed of a hundred and eight point
three megabytes per second so very very
good performance by the verbatim store
and go USB 3 flash drive let's get this
disconnected and give you one last look
at the drive i think that's a very good
performance for what is a portable hard
drive this is the verbatim store and go
500 gigabyte USB 3 hard drive i'm going
to be doing tests of other hard drives
as well you're seeing annotation on your
screen now so please do click that so
you can select one of my other videos to
watch thank you very much for watching
this one please do give it a thumbs up
and i will see you all in the next one